Robert Boulter is an English film, television, and theatre actor. He had a guest starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000. This was followed by a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens, which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre. He had a guest role in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002. In 2004 Boulter landed a role as "Craig" in the episode "Teddy's Story" of the television series The Long Firm; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi. He had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010, as "Kieron Fletcher." Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti.

Du Fu was a prominent Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty. He is frequently called the greatest of the Chinese poets. His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant, but he proved unable to make the necessary accommodations. His life, like the whole country, was devastated by the An Lushan Rebellion of 755. Although initially he was little known to other writers, his works came to be hugely influential in both Chinese and Japanese literary culture. Of his poetic writing, nearly fifteen hundred poems have been preserved over the ages. He has been called the "Poet Historian" and the "Poet Sage" by Chinese critics, while the range of his work has allowed him to be introduced to Western readers as "the Chinese Virgil, Horace, Ovid, Shakespeare, Milton, Burns, Wordsworth, Béranger, Hugo or Baudelaire."

Du Fu's life was marked by his failure to pass the civil service exam, which led him to travel and write poetry. He met Li Bai, a famous poet, and the two formed a friendship. Du Fu's poetry was influenced by his experiences during the An Lushan Rebellion, which caused enormous disruption to Chinese society. He wrote about the suffering of others and the common man, rather than dwelling on his own misfortunes. Du Fu's later years were marked by financial trouble, but he was relieved by Yan Wu, a friend and former colleague who was appointed governor general at Chengdu. Du Fu based himself in Sichuan for most of the next five years and wrote many peaceful depictions of his life at "thatched hut." He left the city to escape a rebellion, but returned in summer 764 when