Robert Boulter is an English film, television, and theatre actor. He had a guest starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000. This was followed by a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens, which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre. He had a guest role in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002. In 2006, Boulter starred alongside Whishaw in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill. He appeared on a 2006 episode of the television series, Doctors, followed by a role in the 2007 theatre production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke. How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. Boulter starred in two films in 2008, Daylight Robbery by filmmaker Paris Leonti, and Donkey Punch directed by Olly Blackburn. In May 2008, Boulter made a guest appearance on a two-part episode arc of the television series Waking the Dead, followed by an appearance on the television series Survivors in November 2008. He had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010, as "Kieron Fletcher." Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti.

Du Fu was a prominent Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty. Along with Li Bai, he is frequently called the greatest of the Chinese poets. His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant, but he proved unable to make the necessary accommodations. His life, like the whole country, was devastated by the An Lushan Rebellion of 755. Although initially he was little known to other writers, his works came to be hugely influential in both Chinese and Japanese literary culture. Of his poetic writing, nearly fifteen hundred poems have been preserved over the ages. He has been called the "Poet Historian" and the "Poet Sage" by Chinese critics, while the range of his work has allowed him to be introduced to Western readers as "the Chinese Virgil, Horace, Ovid, Shakespeare, Milton, Burns, Wordsworth, Béranger, Hugo or Baudelaire."

Most of what is known of Du Fu's life comes from his poems. His paternal grandfather was Du Shenyan, a noted politician and poet during the reign of Empress Wu. Du Fu was born in 712; the exact birth